README.md, before:

# COSC414-Project-2

## TODO

### To Do
#### Keira's Part
- [ ] Draw a sphere centered at origin
- [ ] The player can drag the sphere to rotate to look for bacteria (under interactive control).
- [ ] User guide & Gallery of screen captures
- [ ] Video Demonstration
- [ ] (Bonus) Lighting is used. Use GUI control to enable or disable lighting.

#### Person One's Part
- [ ] The game can randomly generate up to a fixed number (say 10) of different bacteria (each with a different color) - Bacteria appear on the surface of the sphere starting at an arbitrary spot on the surface - The bacteria appear as a colored circular patchon the surface of the sphere.
- [ ] Bacteria grow out uniformly in all directions from that spot at a speed determined by the game
- [ ] (Bonus) When two bacteria cultures collide, the first one to appear on the surfacedominates and consumes the later generated bacteria.

#### Person Two's Part
- [ ] Clicking on a bacteria will immediately remove the bacteria
- [ ] The game wins if the bacteria get too big & The player wins if all bacteria are poisoned before the game wins
- [ ] (Bonus) The effect of the poison administered also propagates outward from the point of insertion of the position until all the bacteria are destroyed.
- [ ] (Bonus) When a bacterial culture is hit, use a simple 2D particle system to simulate an explosion at the point where the poison is administered.

Commit message:

random point on sphere
added function for generating random point on sphere.

README.md, after:

# COSC414-Project-2

## TODO

### To Do
#### Keira's Part
- [x] Draw a sphere centered at origin
- [x] The player can drag the sphere to rotate to look for bacteria (under interactive control).
- [ ] User guide & Gallery of screen captures
- [ ] Video Demonstration
- [x] (Bonus) Lighting is used. Use GUI control to enable or disable lighting.

#### Abhiek's Part
- [ ] The game can randomly generate up to a fixed number (say 10) of different bacteria (each with a different color) - Bacteria appear on the surface of the sphere starting at an arbitrary spot on the surface - The bacteria appear as a colored circular patchon the surface of the sphere.
- [ ] Bacteria grow out uniformly in all directions from that spot at a speed determined by the game
- [ ] (Bonus) When two bacteria cultures collide, the first one to appear on the surfacedominates and consumes the later generated bacteria.

#### Jason's Part
- [ ] Clicking on a bacteria will immediately remove the bacteria
- [ ] The game wins if the bacteria get too big & The player wins if all bacteria are poisoned before the game wins
- [ ] (Bonus) The effect of the poison administered also propagates outward from the point of insertion of the position until all the bacteria are destroyed.
- [ ] (Bonus) When a bacterial culture is hit, use a simple 2D particle system to simulate an explosion at the point where the poison is administered.

### New Plan
- [ ] Generate bacteria at a fixed location (literally just draw it on the front of the circle) in whatever shape is easiest (easy to colour one of the triangles different? do that) (bacteria doesn't grow) all different colours. Do like 3 of them
- [ ]  Get ride of the bacteria by clicking on them (do not use the interactive controls for this! just pretend its a 2D surface!)
- [ ]  Win/Loose cases but make it a time limit instead of based on the bateria's growth

#### If Time Allows
- [ ]  bacteria grows
- [ ]  bacteria is actually a circle
- [ ]  bacteria is generated at a random spot around the circle (this would require the interactive controls works with the clicking)
- [ ]  bonuses
